docs/DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md, before:

# Deployment Specification: Infrastructure & Operations

## Overview
This document specifies the production deployment topology and operational requirements for the Liquidity Vector system. The system is designed for containerized orchestration to ensure environment parity across staging and production.

## Prerequisites
- **Docker**: Version 24.0 or higher.
- **Docker Compose**: Version 2.20 or higher.
- **Vercel CLI**: (Optional) For frontend-only deployments.
- **RPC Access**: API keys for Alchemy or Infura (Ethereum, Arbitrum, Base, Optimism).

## Deployment Topology
The system utilizes a three-tier containerized structure:
1. **Presentation Layer**: Next.js 15 standalone build.
2. **Logic Layer**: FastAPI backend with Uvicorn workers.
3. **Orchestration**: Docker Compose for service networking and dependency management.

## Environment Configuration
The following variables must be defined in the production environment:

| Category | Variable | Purpose |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **Frontend** | `NEXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE_URL` | Endpoint for the FastAPI logic layer. |
| **Frontend** | `NEXT_PUBLIC_GEMINI_API_KEY` | Key for AI-powered advisory features. |
| **Backend** | `ALLOWED_ORIGINS` | CORS whitelist for the presentation layer. |
| **Blockchain**| `MAINNET_RPC_URL` | Provider for Ethereum gas estimation. |

## Deployment Procedure

### Phase 1: Smart Contract Deployment (Foundry)
1. Navigate to the `contracts/` directory.
2. Execute the deployment script:
```bash
forge script script/Deploy.s.sol:DeployScript --rpc-url $RPC_URL --broadcast --verify
```

### Phase 2: Backend API Initialization
1. Build the backend image:
```bash
docker build -t liquidityvector-api:latest ./api
```
2. Initialize the container:
```bash
docker run -d -p 8000:8000 --env-file .env liquidityvector-api:latest
```

### Phase 3: Frontend Deployment
1. Build and serve the Next.js standalone application:
```bash
docker build -t liquidityvector-web:latest .
docker run -d -p 3000:3000 liquidityvector-web:latest
```

## Monitoring & Health Checks
Active monitoring is conducted via the `/health` endpoint on the API layer.
- **Circuit State**: Exposes if external API circuits (Li.Fi, DeFiLlama) are open or closed.
- **Latency Monitoring**: API request timers track external provider performance.

## Verification
1.  **Health Check**:
    ```bash
    curl https://api.rahilbhavan.com/health
    ```
2.  **Alert Verification**:
    ```bash
    curl https://api.rahilbhavan.com/debug/test-alert
    ```

Commit message:

fix(deploy): enforce strict separation of frontend (Vercel) and backend (Railway)

docs/DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md, after:

# Deployment Specification: Infrastructure & Operations

## Overview
Liquidity Vector utilizes a decoupled deployment strategy to optimize for scalability and developer experience. The frontend is hosted on **Vercel** for global edge performance, while the backend logic engine is hosted on **Railway** for robust container orchestration.

## Prerequisites
- **Railway Account**: For logic layer orchestration.
- **Vercel Account**: For presentation layer hosting.
- **RPC Access**: API keys for Alchemy or Infura (Ethereum, Arbitrum, Base, Optimism).

## Deployment Topology
The system utilizes a two-tier strictly separated structure:
1. **Presentation Layer (Vercel)**: Next.js 15 application deployed directly from the repository root.
2. **Logic Layer (Railway)**: FastAPI backend deployed via Docker using the `api/Dockerfile`.

## Environment Configuration

### Frontend (Vercel)
| Variable | Purpose |
| :--- | :--- |
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_BACKEND_URL` | The public URL of the Railway backend (e.g., `https://api.rahilbhavan.com`). |
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE_URL` | Set to `/api/backend` to utilize the Next.js proxy. |
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_GEMINI_API_KEY` | Google Gemini API key for advisory logic. |

### Backend (Railway)
| Variable | Purpose |
| :--- | :--- |
| `ALLOWED_ORIGINS` | CORS whitelist set to the Vercel frontend URL. |
| `ENVIRONMENT` | Set to `production`. |
| `RPC_URL_*` | Premium RPC endpoints for gas and state queries. |

## Deployment Procedure

### Phase 1: Smart Contract Deployment (Foundry)
1. Navigate to the `contracts/` directory.
2. Execute the deployment script:
```bash
forge script script/Deploy.s.sol:DeployScript --rpc-url $RPC_URL --broadcast --verify
```

### Phase 2: Backend Deployment (Railway)
1. Point your Railway service to the GitHub repository.
2. Ensure `railway.json` is present in the root; it will automatically trigger the build using `api/Dockerfile`.
3. Configure the environment variables in the Railway dashboard.

### Phase 3: Frontend Deployment (Vercel)
1. Import the repository into Vercel.
2. Add the frontend environment variables.
3. Vercel will automatically detect the Next.js project and deploy.

## Monitoring & Health Checks
Active monitoring is conducted via the `/health` endpoint on the API layer.
- **Circuit State**: Exposes if external API circuits (Li.Fi, DeFiLlama) are open or closed.
- **Latency Monitoring**: API request timers track external provider performance.

## Verification
1.  **Health Check**:
    ```bash
    curl https://api.rahilbhavan.com/health
    ```
2.  **Alert Verification**:
    ```bash
    curl https://api.rahilbhavan.com/debug/test-alert
    ```
